All right, welcome to another
challenge that we are
going to do in this one.
And this will sound a little bit
similar because sometimes
reputation is also quite necessary.
So let's see this problem.
A, chai shop makes
T in batches every 15 minutes.
Now don't pay too much attention.
15 minutes.
We are not going to be stopping our
program for 15 minutes for that.
We just want to simulate that.
You want to simulate four batches.
So the point is, the important
part is that we want
to simulate four batches.
The task is pretty simple.
Use the range method to simulate
the batch numbers and prepare
the chai for the batch.
The whole point that I want you
to see in this entire problem is we
want to simulate four batches.
So use the range for simulating
the four batches and then
print the number for each batch.
It's a pretty similar problem that we
did in the token dispenser as well.
So this is kind
of a reputation, but this is okay.
Sometimes reputation
is actually good.
So let's call this
one as 02 underscore.
And this is, batch chai.
So I'll just move my
keyboard a little.
Batch chai py of course.
There we go.
And, now let's try to use a simple
for loop for batching this.
Now for is a keyword.
Then we can name the variable.
Let's call this as batch, but feel
free to call this whatever you like
then in and provide your
range or anything like that.
And again, we'll close our AI so that
we can actually discuss these things
and then simply go with the range.
Now you want to simulate range
of how many numbers?
So I want to simulate
a range of four batches.
Now we have couple of options
of how this actually works.
Range can have a start value
and can have end value or just
have an end value as well.
We'll start with the value
of one because I want to start
the range not from the zero
but from a starting number.
And then I'll go till 5.
As I mentioned, range is
non inclusive
in the programming languages.
So five is not going to be inclusive.
We'll get the range till the four,
put up a colon sign, hit the enter,
and this is where we are right now.
Let's go ahead and print the values.
Pretty easy.
Use the formatted strings and put up
a message, something like preparing,
prepare ring chai for batch.
And then we'll provide
the batch number.
So we'll use a pound sign
or a hash sign, whatever
you want to call this.
We'll inject the curly braces to
get this variable and the variable
will automatically increase.
We don't have to do anything.
That is it.
Pretty simple example
and pretty nice one.
Let's open our integrated terminal
just right here and use Python.
And for this we will open
up the 02 file.
There we go.
And notice here it it's preparing
exactly for four batches and this
is exactly what we wanted.
So pretty simple problem.
But now that we have this
problem, I am super happy
that we did it together.
It will give you a good reputation as
well as more confidence in the loop.
Now let's move on to the next video
and take down the next challenge.